Allow ECE display when default customer location is set to geolocate (#4417)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 9.6.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Tweak - Allow the display of express payment methods when default customer location is set to "Geolocate" or "Geolocate (with page caching support)".

Reviewer: Two concerns:
 * I think this should be flagged as an `Update`, not a `Tweak`
 * We should remove the trailing `.`
```suggestion
* Update - Allow the display of express checkout when default customer location is set to "Geolocate" or "Geolocate (with page caching support)"
```
